README.md, before:

# 👋 Intro

Binance Wallet is a Crypto Wallet for Binance Chain, Binance Smart Chain and Ethereum. It is a one-stop gateway to store, exchange and earn crypto.

## Binance Wallet Extension

It’s supported in Firefox, Chrome and Brave browsers.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Tip** Firefox users are more likely to access the latest version timely
{% endhint %}

### Download Link

#### App Store 

Chrome App Store Link: [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/binance-chain-wallet/fhbohimaelbohpjbbldcngcnapndodjp](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/binance-chain-wallet/fhbohimaelbohpjbbldcngcnapndodjp)

Firefox App Store Link: [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search)

### Install

Example: Install Binance Chain Wallet in Firefox browser

* Open Extension in Firefox: [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search)
* Search for Binance Chain

![img](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/ks5BM5SBqrjbDWdbGhsKymWvuLIJina_JZ4lo_j-skzhnFXvF8laumgJpl8nCv7XC_2Z6bwOhrt7v-oHLXv-eHNLlfY_9qSiQWyiyWuDlN8XKfc329MgTiyUpq9D8K562nH_zdkS)

Note: Make sure it’s offered by Binance Chain

* Click on “Add to Firefox”

![img](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/BxNDhV2jxT9B7D8cbS7Fh8XY1TVeh_45Sm18xn_sBCTSUGtQzFI086TBS61QHXquLxmikpSpILOAlpE-azn9EWgdwU0kraW1VrCbjqXK8liCylFw_IBfyW40yOk5aNCX34oRi_sX)

That’s it! You have successfully installed the Binance Chain Wallet extension in Firefox!

{% hint style="info" %}
The workflow is the same for all browsers
{% endhint %}

## Binance Wallet Mobile

With Binance Wallet you can keep your assets with you on the road. Binance Mobile is a secure and trusted multi-chain wallet designed for iOS and Android smartphones.  

Beta Program

  
Download link

Install

Commit message:

GitBook: [master] 75 pages and 14 assets modified

README.md, after:

# 👋 Intro

Binance Wallet is a Crypto Wallet for Binance Chain, Binance Smart Chain and Ethereum. It is a one-stop gateway to store, exchange and earn crypto.

## Binance Wallet Extension

It’s supported in Firefox, Chrome and Brave browsers.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Tip** Firefox users are more likely to access the latest version timely
{% endhint %}

### Download Link

#### App Store 

Chrome App Store Link: [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/binance-chain-wallet/fhbohimaelbohpjbbldcngcnapndodjp](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/binance-chain-wallet/fhbohimaelbohpjbbldcngcnapndodjp)

Firefox App Store Link: [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search)

### Install

Example: Install Binance Chain Wallet in Firefox browser

* Open Extension in Firefox: [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/binance-chain/?src=search)
* Search for Binance Chain

![img](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/ks5BM5SBqrjbDWdbGhsKymWvuLIJina_JZ4lo_j-skzhnFXvF8laumgJpl8nCv7XC_2Z6bwOhrt7v-oHLXv-eHNLlfY_9qSiQWyiyWuDlN8XKfc329MgTiyUpq9D8K562nH_zdkS)

Note: Make sure it’s offered by Binance Chain

* Click on “Add to Firefox”

![img](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/BxNDhV2jxT9B7D8cbS7Fh8XY1TVeh_45Sm18xn_sBCTSUGtQzFI086TBS61QHXquLxmikpSpILOAlpE-azn9EWgdwU0kraW1VrCbjqXK8liCylFw_IBfyW40yOk5aNCX34oRi_sX)

That’s it! You have successfully installed the Binance Chain Wallet extension in Firefox!

{% hint style="info" %}
The workflow is the same for all browsers
{% endhint %}

## Binance Wallet Mobile

Binance Mobile is a secure and trusted multi-chain wallet. It is your one-stop gateway to store, exchange and earn crypto. 

Don’t know where to begin? Don’t worry, this article will guide you through the basics of the Binance Mobile App step-by-step. Let’s get started!

{% page-ref page="bmw-guides-and-faq/beginners-guide-for-alpha-testing/" %}
